feat(credssp): support for Kerberos (#260)
Devolutions/IronRDP: web-client/iron-remote-gui/README.md

## `UserInteractionService` methods

```ts
connect(
        username: string,
        password: string,
        destination: string,
        proxyAddress: string,
        serverDomain: string,
        authToken: string,
        desktopSize?: DesktopSize,
        preConnectionBlob?: string,
        kdc_proxy_url?: string,
    ): Observable<NewSessionInfo>;
```

> `username` and `password` are the credentials to use on the remote host.

> `destination` refers to the Devolutions Gateway hostname and port.

> `authtoken` is the authentication token to send to the Devolutions Gateway.

> > `serverDomain` is the Microsoft Doman name(if the computer has one)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `serverDomain` is the Windows domain name (if the target computer has one)
```

## `UserInteractionService` methods

> ```typesccript

Reviewer: Typo
You can use `ts` instead

Author: updated

>  private connect(

Reviewer: I think you should copy from `UserInteraction.ts` instead:
```ts
    connect(
        username: string,
        password: string,
        destination: string,
        proxyAddress: string,
        serverDomain: string,
        authToken: string,
        desktopSize?: DesktopSize,
        preConnectionBlob?: string,
        kdc_proxy_url?: string,
    ): Observable<NewSessionInfo>;
```

(no `private`)

Author: updated

        username: string,
        password: string,
        destination: string,
        proxyAddress: string,
        serverDomain: string,
        authToken: string,
        desktopSize?: DesktopSize,
        preConnectionBlob?: string,
        kdc_proxy_url?: string,
    ): Observable<NewSessionInfo> 
```
>
> `username` and `password` are the credentials to use on the remote host.

> > `host` refers to the Devolutions Gateway hostname and port.

Reviewer: This is out of date (named `destination` above)

Author: updated
